How should I return the loan?
The loan amount and interest (Amount due) should be repaid at the end of the loan period, no later than the maturity date to the banking account or USDC Ethereum address of the Investor.

Due to certain complexities, we currently do not recommend partial repayments of the loan. 

When should I return the loan?
Your loan should be repaid to the investor no later than the maturity date. It's advisable to initiate the transfer a few days before the maturity date to ensure timely repayment.

For your convenience, you can download a calendar event from the ‘Loan actions’ menu. 

You will also receive an automated email notification  14, 7 and 2 days before the maturity, and on the day of the loan maturity.

What is the amount I should return to the Investor?
You should return the ‘Amount due’. 

Amount due = Loan amount + Interest for the whole loan period. 

What if I don’t return the full amount due to the Investor?
Firefish would start a resolution procedure as defined in the Escrow rules. Part of your collateral might get liquidated to cover the full amount.

What if I don’t return the loan?
Firefish would start a resolution procedure as defined in the Escrow rules. If the outcome of the procedure is deemed a ‘default’, your collateral will be liquidated to cover the outstanding amount.

What if I return the loan after the maturity?
Firefish would start a resolution procedure as defined in the Escrow rules. If the outcome of the procedure is deemed a ‘default’, your collateral will be liquidated to cover the outstanding amount.

Can I repay the loan earlier?
Yes, you can repay any loan earlier. 

To do so, please select the ‘Early repayment’ option in the ‘Loan Actions’ menu. 

We will then seek confirmation from the investor that they are ready to confirm the repayment of your loan. Once they agree, you will get notified and the platform will guide you through the repayment process.

How much should I pay back when I close my loan earlier?
When repaying your loan earlier, you will need to repay the entire amount due for the entire period of the loan.

What if the Investor never confirms they received funds back?
Firefish would start a resolution procedure as defined in the Escrow rules. If the resolution procedure results in us receiving only the confirmation of repayment from you (the borrower), we would consider the loan closed, and your collateral would be returned.